gh-label: add page (#8673)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/gh-label.md

# gh label

> Work with GitHub labels on the command-line.
> More information: <https://cli.github.com/manual/gh_label>.

- List labels for the repository in the current directory:

`gh label list`

- View labels for the repository in the current directory in the default web browser:

`gh label list --web`

- Create a label with a specific name, description and color in hexadecimal format for the repository in the current directory:

`gh label create {{name}} --description "{{description}}" --color {{color_hex}}`

> - Delete a label for the repository in the current directory prompting for confirmation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Delete a label for the repository in the current directory, prompting for confirmation:
```

`gh label delete {{name}}`

> - Update name and description for a specific label for the repository in the current directory:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update the name and description for a specific label for the repository in the current directory:
```

`gh label edit {{name}} --name {{new_name}} --description "{{description}}"`

> - Clone labels from a specific repository into the repository in the current directory:

Reviewer 2: How about ?
```suggestion
- Clone labels from a specific repository for the repository in the current directory:
```

Reviewer 3: I think **into** fits the context better here.

> - Clone labels from a specific repository into the repository in the current directory:
> 
> `gh label clone {{owner}}/{{repository}}`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- Clone labels from a source repository into the destination repository (current directory by default):

`gh label clone {{owner}}/{{source_repository}}`
```

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Clone labels from the source repository into the destination repository in the current directory:

`gh label clone {{owner}}/{{repository}}`
```
Would this better?

> `gh label clone {{owner}}/{{repository}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`gh label clone {{slug}}`
```

Author: We use `{{owner}}/{{repository}}` is several gh pages, `gh-issue`, `gh-extension`, etc.

Reviewer: :+1:
